fix(rocsparse): gate rocsparse_spmat_scale behind ROCSPARSE_ENABLE_SPMAT_SCALE feature flag (#10417)
ROCm/rocm-libraries: projects/rocsparse/CHANGELOG.md

### Added
* Added batched support to the SpMM algorithm `rocsparse_spmm_alg_csr_nnz_split`.

> * Added the `ROCSPARSE_ENABLE_SPMAT_SCALE` build option (default `ON`) that gates the `rocsparse_spmat_scale` routine and its `rocsparse_dnvec_descr_create_scalar` helper behind the `ROCSPARSE_WITH_SPMAT_SCALE` compile-time flag, mirroring the hipSPARSE `HIPSPARSE_ENABLE_SPGEAM` feature flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the `ROCSPARSE_ENABLE_SPMAT_SCALE` build option (default `ON`) to control availability of the `rocsparse_spmat_scale` routine and its r`ocsparse_dnvec_descr_create_scalar` helper through the R`OCSPARSE_WITH_SPMAT_SCALE` compile-time flag, mirroring the hipSPARSE `HIPSPARSE_ENABLE_SPGEAM` feature flag.
```

Reviewer: Perhaps this makes things slightly clearer?

Author: Thanks! Actually, after thinking more about it, this line should be removed. We should not add a changelog for feature flag as we might remove them in the future.
